Add keep stage to LogQL (#9693)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/query/log_queries/_index.md

{host="grafana.net", job="varlogs", method="GET", status="200"} {"app": "some-api-service", "level": "info", "method": "GET", "path": "/", "host": "grafana.net", "status": "200"}
{app="other-service", host="grafana.net", job="varlogs", method="GET", status="200"} {"app": "other-service", "level": "info", "method": "GET", "path": "/", "host": "grafana.net", "status": "200"}
```

### Keep Labels expression

**Syntax**:  `|keep name, other_name, some_name="some_value"`

The `| keep` expression will keep only the specified labels in the pipeline and drop all the other labels.

> **NOTE**: keep stage will not drop __error__ or __error_details__ labels added by Loki at query time. To drop these labels, please refer to [drop](#drop-labels-expression) stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% admonition type="note" %}}
The keep stage will not drop the  __error__ or __error_details__ labels added by Loki at query time. To drop these labels, refer to [drop](#drop-labels-expression) stage.
{{% /admonition %}}
```

Query examples:

> For the query `{job="varlogs"}|json|keep level, method="GET"`, with below log line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the query `{job="varlogs"}|json|keep level, method="GET"`, with the following log lines:
```

```
{"level": "info", "method": "GET", "path": "/", "host": "grafana.net", "status": "200"}
{"level": "info", "method": "POST", "path": "/", "host": "grafana.net", "status": "200"}
```

the result will be

```
{level="info", method="GET"} {"level": "info", "method": "GET", "path": "/", "host": "grafana.net", "status": "200"}
{level="info"} {"level": "info", "method": "POST", "path": "/", "host": "grafana.net", "status": "200"}
```

> For the query `{job="varlogs"}|json|keep level, tenant, app=~"some-api.*"`, with below log lines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the query `{job="varlogs"}|json|keep level, tenant, app=~"some-api.*"`, with the following log lines:
```
